1. Project Title / One sentence description:
Database modification of Family History Pictures application.


2. Copy and paste the URL for your web application:
http://paulmerideth-plmerideth.rhcloud.com/lesson6/index.php

3. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):
https://github.com/plmerideth/cs313-php.git


4. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. Include any special instructions about how to login and/or use your application.
This application allows users to upload and display family photos.  I don’t actually display photos, but user file names to represent each photo.  File names are displayed by title and category and can be added and deleted.

I have created two different login accounts for testing and demonstration of the application. To login, use either of these accounts:

UserID: paul.merideth@cs313
PW:  pass1

UserID2: joe.student@cs313
PW:  pass2

Once logged in, click “Family History Pictures” button to go to pictures page.  I pre-populated four sample files and a couple categories to demonstrate the filter capability.  Select a category (‘all’ displays all files) and click ‘submit’.  A table will be displayed showing all existing files within the category.  From here you can add new files and categories, or delete existing files.  The ‘Cancel’ button on the add/delete page returns to the family picture display page.

5. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.
I could only find one bug so far.  I have to have one existing picture in the database.  If there are no rows in the tables, my code does not allow inserting new pictures.  I will fix this issue next week.


6. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
A - Some attempt was made
B - Developing, but signficantly deficient
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
D - Meets requirements
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements
Very significant effort was put into this assignment.  I spent many, many hours trying to get the DBO calls to work correctly using INNER and OUTER JOINS.  But I finally figured it out.


7. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
Very challenging assignment that just kept getting bigger and bigger as I progressed.  I have thought of a number of additional features, but didn’t have time to implement them all.
